Improve Toolkit Documentation (#191)
raycast/script-commands: Tools/Toolkit/README.md

  See 'toolkit help <subcommand>' for detailed help.
```

## How does the Toolkit work?

> The Toolkit runs on every push to master using [this GitHub action workflow](../../.github/workflows/documentation.yml). That workflow goes through the following process:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Toolkit runs on every push to master using [this GitHub Action workflow](../../.github/workflows/documentation.yml). That workflow goes through the following process:
```

1. Setup a version of Xcode

> 2. Build the toolkit into a binary located at the root of the repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Build the Toolkit using the [Makefile](../../Makefile) located at the root of the repo
```

3. Run `make gen-docs-and-commit`
   1. Runs the [integration shell script](integration.sh)
   2. Commits the changes (if there are any)

> 4. Pushes the changes to the master branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Pushes the changes to the master branch using Raycast Bot.
```

## Contributing

> We would love to have your contribution! Check out our [CONTRIBUTING.md file to get started](CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We would love to have your contribution! Check out our [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) file to get started.
```
